Name: 	Rosa Teelu aka Souleater
Gender:	Female
Age:	34
Race	Elf
Occupation:	Shaman and Secret Leader of the Ascendants  

Appearance and typical attire:	
Souleater is very beautiful, with fair white skin and middle-long ebony black hair. She has thin, light violet lips and a petite figure. 
She wears red-orange chain-armor with leather-improvements and big glowing shoulder-pats. Dressed in a black cloak and with a shield that inhabits a skull on her arm.  
She wields a golden weapon, an old elven artifact, the “Mace of Minds”.

Personality/Traits:	
-	Focused on her goal 
-	Egoistic
-	Psychopathic
-	full of hatred 
-	obsessed of the time when she was happy
-	elven longevity

Skills and Abilities:	
-	can cast elven-magic of the inner circle
-	can mind-trick with her mace
-	deep understanding of the Nexus and its Powers

Background:	
Rosa Teelu grew up in the Nexus in the Sandswept Expanse as a kid of the most high-ranked elves in the Nexus. She was supposed to become a magical guardian of the inner circle to protect the most important artifacts amongst the treasures of the desert. That’s why she never got used to anything outside of the inner circles-sanctuaries and didn’t even see much of the desert, meaning she kept being pale from the lack of sunlight. 

When she was 14, the Nexus-Collapse happened and the humans entered the nexus, bringing destruction and chaos at first. After the elves took their time, as they always do, to get to an opinion about the new people of the Nexus, the inner circle, which her parents were a part of, decided to stop any intruders of the nexus by starting a big ritual to close the nexus-gateway. As this took some years already, the Overseer was finished when the inner circle finally decided to hold this ritual. As the Overseer was programmed, any interference or change of the Nexus-Gateway was seen as dangerous, so therefore the Overseer interrupted the inner circle and eliminated the threat by vaporizing all elves of the circle. Souleater witnessed that, but no one believed the word of a kid.

As no elf of the inner circle got seen again by the others, this event got known as “The Big Vanish”, and the other elves of the outer circle continued to safeguard the secrets and treasures of the Sandswept Expanse.

Rosa Teelu was left alone as an outcast, with no family and friends, not welcomed and only being tolerated by the other elves. She developed a big deal of hatred for the Overseer, the humans and everyone helping them.  
After some dark years she remembered the stories her parents told her about the magic artifacts and started searching for them. 

After some time, she finally found the “Mace of Minds”, which grants her the ability to mind-trick people. With that power she started to build up the cult of the Ascendants and started to call herself an anagram of Rosa Teelu - Souleater. 

Her goal is to use the magical powers of the “Heart of the Nexus”. To enter it, a member of every Main-Race is needed – an dwarf, an elf and an murloc.
It has nearly unlimited magical power and is the source of all magic and life in the Nexus.

She started to gather more and more people around her to get hints about the vanished Murlocs. When she found out that Alva, the last Murloc, is in the human world and has a friendship with Elena, she started to danger the human civilization of the nexus to pressure Elena to call Alva for help. This way Souleater would have a murloc to access the Heart of the Nexus and use its powers. 

Internal Conflict:	
Wants to reach her goal of getting her parents back without sacrificing too much of herself. Souleater has inner doubts about whether she is going too far and could still justify her actions towards her parents.

External conflict:	
Souleater must seek a Murloc to get to the Heart of the Nexus. Therefore she has to find all the hints about the humans and their allies she could get, trying to not miss out on important details.
Then she needs to defend the Heart of the Nexus towards the enemy forces and the Overseer to get enough time to use its magical power for the rewind.
Character Development throughout the game:	
While at the start Souleater used the artifacts power in an inhibited way, she opens up towards its power more and more over time making her more unpredictable and more violent to reach her goal.

Motivation:	
Her goal is to use the magical powers of the “Heart of the Nexus”. She wants to go back in time to the Moment where the Nexus-Gateway wasn’t opened yet and her parents were still alive. She wants to get them back to live in the trouble-free times as a kid again, reunited with her loved parents.
