Name: 	Alexis Vance aka Alva
Gender:	Female
Age:	32
Race:	Murloc

Occupation:	
Interdimensional Explorer

Appearance and typical attire:	
Light green murloc-skin, Big yellow eyes, Red finns, Orange hands and feet, Big winning smile
Big blue shorts, turquoise bikinitop, shoulder bag, big explorer hat, fishing net over the shoulder/ behind the back which can be used as a slingshot

Personality/Traits:	
•	Curious, ambitious, traumatized, pacifistic
•	can breathe under water
•	can talk to animals of the nexus

Skills and Abilities:	
•	Deep understanding of interdimensional travel and the mechanics of the Nexus
•	Proficient in wilderness survival techniques
•	Trained in ranged weaponry

Background:
She grew up in the Nexus in the Azure Abyss. 

When Alva was 12, the nexus gateway opened, a big electric shockwave hit the ocean, causing most Murlocs to die in it. This got called the Nexus-Collapse, as nearly all sea-creatures vanished from the Nexus that day.

Alva was visiting a friendly seagull (Mrs. Mine) at the beach at that time. When Alva forgot the guest gift for her – some clams – her family went back into the ocean of the Azure Abyss to get them. But then the Nexus-shockwave hit causing death and destruction. She had to see all her dead family-members and friends floating to the surface of the water, which haunts her till today. 

After that, she was found by the 16-year-old Elena who stepped out of the Nexus-Portal that opened there at the beach. Being comforted by Elena, Alva developed a deep friendship and acknowledged her as her Mentor. Elena herself was shocked by the impact the Nexus-gateway-opening had and created the Overseer-AI as a safety mechanism so no one could interfere with the nexus-ecosystem with such an impact again. Alva helped her with that and was the most critical influence to make the AI the true new guardian of the nexus. 

After Alva was happy with the result of the Overseer, she couldn’t stand to stay in the Nexus anymore, with the memories of her dead family and friends. She wanted a fresh start in the human world, therefore traveled through the Nexus-Gateway and explored the secrets of the human earth for several years. 

When she got a letter from Elena to join her crew again, Alva left the earth and reentered the Nexus to help her friend and mentor out. 

Internal Conflict:	
Still traumatized by the Nexus-Collapse, she struggles with her bad memories, causing her to freeze and  getting flashbacks, when she gets to see violence or corpses.
She sees some fault for the death of her family in herself, as she forgot the clams that were a gift for Mrs. Mine, causing them to be in the water when the Nexus-Collapse happened. She struggles with the idea of having caused their deaths.
Is seen as the last Murloc of the Nexus and therefore has a lot of weight on her shoulders as a representative for her whole race. Struggles filling those large shoes.
Tries to bring peace and safety to the Nexus but knows that a physical conflict might not be avoidable. But nonetheless she tries to save as many lives as possible.

External conflict:	
Alexis must navigate through hostile landscapes, confront perilous threats, and restore order to the Nexus, confronting external dangers that test her resolve and resourcefulness.

Character Development throughout the game:	
Alva faces her inner trauma and realizes that she was a kid and wasn’t in fault with her families’ deaths.
As Alva faces the Nexus again after a very long time being away from it, many people of the Nexus thought that even the last Murloc have died meanwhile as they haven’t seen one in an eternity. But as Alva explores the world, she sees that she can bring happiness and hope to the people by showing that there still is a Murloc in the Nexus which weakens the weight on her shoulder with each smile she causes.
As Alva gets involved in some conflicts with the Ascendants, she realizes that they were mind-tricked into their faith and can be saved by talking, convincing, and showing strength without using cruelty to solve the conflict. 

Motivation:
Alexis feels a profound sense of responsibility towards the Nexus and its inhabitants, viewing herself as a guardian tasked with preserving its sanctity and safeguarding its future. She is willing to risk everything to defend the Nexus from external threats and ensure its survival for generations to come.
